Today, let's continue the book of Romans chapter 14.
Let's look at chapter 14, chapter 13 and 15.
What does it say?
So, we can't argue with each other.
We can't decide who or who will not let go of the brother or sister.
I, with the Lord Jesus, am sure and confident that there is nothing
Let's pray.
How to enter the way of love Love is a beautiful word Love is the definition of how broad we are We often use the wrong way to love people Because our understanding of love has not yet been able to return to the essence We pray that today's Niu Niu's words help us rebuild our understanding of love Can love more deeply Love you more deeply Love you more deeply Love you more deeply Love you more deeply Love you more deeply
Let's take a look back to the past few days.
Baoluo, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui, the question of whether to eat meat or not in the Zhaohui,
Liangxing must be corrected by the上帝的話而不能夠受人的強迫,因為我們都是屬乎主耶稣基督的,都是最終將要站在上帝的審判台前交障的。這個終極審判的現實應該是我們更加的謙卑,尤其不要在非原則性的問題上論斷或者是侵蝕別人。
So, the question is, can I do it?
Should I turn around?
Can I, however, save people?
will still fall.
In the基督約書裡, the freedom we have in the book is real, effective, and exist.
We will not deny this, but love is the standard of time and freedom, because love is greater.
Love will make people willing to die for the purpose of the基督, for the life of the savior, for the life of the savior, for the life of the savior,
and abandon their free right to do so.
Last week, we mentioned that in the future, we must face the reality of a mouse.
That is, all people, dead or alive, must stand in the hands of the Supreme Court's judge to account accountability.
This means that in these
If there is justice on the side, there is justice on the side, that is, on the issue of injustice.
Why do we call it injustice?
Because the laws of the above are determined by black and white.
That means no justice.
What is it?
This is the kind of problem that the above is not clearly prohibited and not clearly determined by injustice.
Instead, we create disputes.
On these problems that are easily caused by injustice, we do not have the right to protect the above and judge each other.
The Supreme Court of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court of the above
So we can't argue with each other.
He immediately turned the wind back to pay attention to what he said.
That is,
If you make a map, you can't stop making a decision.
You have to make a decision, okay?
You can't stop.
You have to use your mind to judge what's going on.
Then, please put your focus on one thing.
This is what happens later on.
No one is going to let go of the ground.
If you really want to pay attention to one thing, please pay attention to one thing.
Is it you or someone else?
This is the only thing you have to pay attention to.
In other words, don't let each other break up.
It's not that you have to teach, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people, you have to care about other people
Because you don't want to be his half-footed stone, you're just loving him.
You're just protecting him.
You have to make a new sentence.
Do I have freedom?
Do I have freedom in the book of Jesus?
Do I have real freedom?
I have, but don't let my freedom become his half-footed stone.
Here, the concept of half-footed and lowly people is very important.
Paul is not talking about things that make people unhappy and unhappy.
It's like saying,
As long as I say something, do something, and make another person unhappy, I will make him fall down.
No.
Please, everyone, be careful.
Bolo is not saying that you make another person unhappy, you just call him to fall down.
It's not about protecting us.
You have to make sure that every word you say, every thing you do is not hated, rejected, or abandoned.
Think about it, if this is Bolo's opinion, is he raising people please?
Yeah.
He doesn't have to train people who hate him.
So it's obvious that if you don't want to make people fall down and let go of the things that are falling down, it's not that you want to make everyone like you.
Once you make others don't like you, you make others hate you, you will make them fall down.
That's not right.
This understanding is too shallow.
What I'm talking about here is a serious, serious mental injury.
What does it mean?
It means that my behavior
In my brother-in-law or sister-in-law's body, there has been a kind of influence, and it is also a negative influence.
There has been a kind of pressure, a kind of bad pressure, to destroy this person, to violate the functions of his only conscience, the functions of his conscience, to violate the status of the god and his current conscience to do something that he thought was wrong.
This is very serious.
Do you remember what I said before?
What is the freedom of conscience?
Everyone is different from the speed of the machine running.
You have already run very far, but there is a successor.
He may be a new planet.
Today's scenery, today's situation, and the relationship between the main and the machine have reached such a point.
This is the condition of his conscience.
You have to respect him.
You can't take it out.
You have already run into the state of the person who runs the marathon.
You have to follow him.
This is wrong.
In this way, you can't respect the light of life given to the master who loves him.
You can't respect the space of his conscience.
So, in this place, the real meaning of Balor is that you don't want to destroy one's freedom because of your own actions.
You want to destroy one's own life because of the loss of his life.
Because this kind of action is broken.
It's not because of pressure, it's not because of confidence, it's because of guilt, it's because of wanting to get involved, it's because of wanting to not be disobeyed, it's because of a social burden, it's not because of his or her relationship with the capital.
Or, because of the capital, it's because of wanting to be someone who looks more like a capital in your eyes.
He has to do it in order to get your recognition and so on.
When my freedom takes another person
and pushed it to the ground so that it clearly thought it was wrong.
It was wrong.
It shouldn't have done it.
But it had to be done.
It was still done.
This is what Baoluo said.
He put it down to let people fall and fall.
Let's think of a scene.
For example, a young brother may have a serious long-term experience.
And then?
She even got pregnant and broke up because of drinking.
She had such a background.
But she changed.
Because she knew God, she came and taught her.
She changed.
She said, I don't want to be like this anymore.
I want to be a creative person.
Okay.
The one who truly loves God, Liang Xin is still very sensitive.
Because she has such a background.
This is the way she walks.
It's different from you, but you have to respect her.
This is her way.
She is very sensitive.
Now imagine that we come to a
The scene of the meeting of the group.
Everyone is respected.
The faith is more mature.
Take a bottle of wine and open it.
Don't be so strict.
It's okay.
A glass of wine.
You are free in the capital.
Come on, let's have a drink together.
This invitation may not have anything to do with others.
But for the one I just mentioned, Lailu Kankke, he fixed himself up.
It's a big burden for a young man like you to pull him out of the mud.
You can laugh at the same time.
You can be very warm-hearted.
But this man who is still soft-hearted appears immediately.
But he is very familiar with the pressure.
Should I drink it or not?
If I don't drink it, will it look like I'm childish?
Because you will say I'm not free in the capital.
But I'm obviously in the capital.
Will you look at me personally?
If I drink, will I re-drink wine?
I finally spent the power of the wine.
I cut it off.
If I drink again today, will I be in a bad situation?
But if I don't drink, I can't tolerate you.
Will you look at me?
It's a monster.
So he drank a glass of wine.
It's not because he has confidence, it's because he wants to be kidnapped, he doesn't want to be criticized, he doesn't want to be broken.
The whole process, his heart is extremely resisted.
What he thinks is, I'm doing something I shouldn't do.
I'm doing something wrong.
What do you think?
This view, this example, this situation is half an hour.
Do you understand?
It's not like there's wine on the table.
It's like a brother, not being able to experience another brother's weakness, form a kind of pressure, not being able to help that brother to get free space, get a good choice of decision making.
Respecting the relationship between him and the host, but being broken for social reasons, for harmonious reasons,
put the negative energy of his conscience into it.
This kind of pressure is completely meaningless to life.
It will not create confidence, it will only teach people to compromise.
It is not using truth to make him free, it is using cultural habits to tie him up.
If you don't drink, you can't integrate me.
This is culture.
But in the atmosphere of education, in the atmosphere of Christianity, it should be truth, not culture.
He should be released and free.
Even in this way, it is very likely to turn this brother back to his old way of life.
You are like Revert, what Jesus has done for him.
How sad it is to burn the head for his work.
So, this is the definition of half an hour.
Dear brothers and sisters,
People pleasing, people pleaser, this kind of situation, separate.
Just look at this, the 14th chapter, Bolo speaks very clearly, the first paragraph, he says, I, with the theme of Jesus Christ, do know the true nature of man, there is no near.
He mentioned about the near, near, there are two sides, the first side is called the guest, what is the guest, the truth is absolutely the guest, the truth is called the guest, Bolo said, the truth tells us, the earth tells us, anything is near.
But he immediately made up the main character's side.
The only person who thinks it's not close to him is not close to him.
What does it mean?
For a individual, if he thinks something is not close to him, but he still does it, then it's really not close to him.
This is not saying that the thing itself is not close to him, or that his personality suddenly changed.
Instead, it's saying that a person's behavior, because it's not out of confidence,
is not willing to do it, but he still does it.
It's obviously wrong to do it in the heart.
It's a violation of faith, so it becomes unfaithful.
Unfaithful is not something unfaithful, but an act of non-belief.
It's a non-disbelief.
Balou pointed out a very specific fact of the New約.
The redemptive history, okay, this process.
When he came to the New Testament, when he came to Jesus Christ, he had already fulfilled the law of salvation in the New Testament.
Which law?
The ceremonial law.
Jesus Christ has ended it, so according to
The things that Jesus saved did not have anything that was not close to Him.
According to the law of Moses, some of the things were indeed determined to be not close to Him, such as pork, such as shells, were all considered to be not close to Him.
But, ladies and gentlemen, have you ever thought about this?
These things are not close to Him.
It's not because they are not close to Him.
If they are not close to Him, can God create them?
They are created by God.
They have their own nature.
that there will be no nearer nature.
So it's good to have pork, it's good to have fat, it's not bad or evil.
But they were blessed with the will of the god.
Pay attention to what you hear.
Why are some of these things blessed with the will of the god?
Because the god has to hand over these things to us through the border.
Specifically,
In order to help Israel to understand the concept of holiness, what is holiness?
There are some things that are not holiness.
You have to learn from them, whether it is holiness or not.
This is his method.
But it is not that the thing itself is a problem.
The same is true in the Bible.
That fruit tree, what kind of fruit tree are you talking about?
It's not the fruit tree itself that is so special, it's the god's order attached to the tree.
It's the god's order, you're wrong, it's the relationship between the god and the god.
And it's not the fruit itself that has a problem.
Do you understand?
It's the same principle.
Let's take a look at it clearly.
So in order to make the Israelites to be victorious, different from the nations,
This is what he meant.
Do you understand?
When the mainstream media came to this point, these rational signals were completely saved.
In the mainstream media, their purpose, their goal was completely fulfilled.
Therefore, the Law of Consciousness is no longer effective.
The mainstream media taught us that the one who insults people is not the one who puts it in his mouth.
The one who insults people is the evil thought that comes out of his heart, and the evil reading that comes out of his mouth is not the one who puts it in his mouth.
So the one who eats it,
This is not to deny the old contract, but to show the meaning of the old contract that has always been buried to the extreme times.
After the resurrection of the Supreme Lord, after the expansion of thousands of countries, the gods are more clear that these old contracts are a rule of law that does not belong to the people above.
This is exactly why Paul said in the first half of the 14th chapter, he used these four words.
He meant that the object itself is the object of loyalty.
The object itself is the object of loyalty.
There is no such thing.
But if someone's mind thinks it's not close to the main point, if the main point is not close to the main point,
you really become unfaithful.
Because you are surrounded by conscience, not by faith.
So, ladies and gentlemen, the key point of the 14th chapter is that you don't see yourself as a human being.
But if you are not based on faith, but in a wrong situation, you are forced to do it, then your behavior will still be ungrateful.
Do you remember what I mentioned to you before?
The same point of view as Zhao Daoguo.
Zhao Daoguo said, however, it is not because of faith that you are guilty.
This is the first sentence.
It's not because of faith, it's all because of ignorance.
So, ladies and gentlemen, this is why human freedom must be created by the love of God.
There are many times when a thing that is allowed is not automatically equal to the love of God.
Right?
You are allowed to drink a small glass of wine, but it's not necessarily that small glass of wine becomes a love of God.
You are allowed to hit your ears, bring your ears back,
But it doesn't necessarily automatically become a love story.
I'm wearing two earrings today.
I'm here to tell you how you feel.
Do I have the freedom to play the earring?
I do.
But if I implement this freedom, is it meaningful to you?
You will be sad.
I will be sad, too.
Right?
So don't do this.
So the point is that the right to be allowed is not automatically a love story.
There are many times
Our freedom is real, it is allowed, but if I don't care about the surrounding environment at all, I don't care about the needs of others, I am willing to do whatever I want to do, then this kind of freedom may turn into the strength of a businessman.
Imagine another story in the accounts, a sister came, eating blood.
In the background of his personal growth, he was not allowed to do so.
Even when he saw any food related to shoes, he would feel uncomfortable about it.
And he never ate it.
Although he was lucky, he still had a very sensitive and sensitive heart to this kind of special food.
When he read the 10th chapter, chapter 15,
He clearly wrote the book in a few of his books.
When he read the book, he was very sure that, as you can see, blood does not evaporate from the blood, so I will never eat it.
How do we evaluate this?
According to the 14th chapter of the book, we must first make sure that if you write a poem, the poem itself does not mean that you are not close to the book.
Let's confirm this first.
If we can't eat it because it's edible, we can eat it casually, or even ask others to eat it, to persuade people to eat it, you may hurt someone.
Imagine, for example, the scene of love at the meeting, when the ice is cold, there is a red thing inside, it may be blood.
Everyone brings this kind of blood sausage, or the dish made with blood, for example, Mao Xue Wang, Chongqing's food, right?
There is blood in it.
If you know this little girl's weakness, but continue to persuade her, it's okay.
We are free.
We are not under pressure anymore.
You eat it, you eat it.
If you don't eat it, you are not mature enough.
You try it.
There is even a very warm little girl who will dig a bowl and put it in front of her.
So look, I have already prepared it for you.
You eat it.
If she eats it, she will not be confident.
He must be the same as the one who just had a drink.
He must be very upset in his heart.
It's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it's under pressure, it
He may feel that this church is not his church.
He may feel that the people here are giving me a lot of pressure.
They can't respect me.
He may not come in the future.
So, no matter what the situation is, it's not good.
What should we do in the right way?
It should be like this.
All the brothers and sisters who love each other, I will confirm it first.
You dig a bowl and give it to him.
You all have love.
Don't deny this love.
Actually, this love
Back to the content of today's tutorial, this is our focus.
The right situation should be that all the students say, oh, because you have this weakness, let's take this dish away today.
We all don't know.
This is a loving lesson.
This is a loving way.
It's not because this dish itself is guilty, it's not because this unloved sister's conscience has suddenly become our lesson.
We must follow the law.
It's not like that.
It's because we all understand together, teach us, the soul of one person is far more important than our reputation.
If you admit it, you understand it, this is the common sense of our church.
Then we will be willing to make this decision together.
Let's pack up this dish.
There's nothing to eat for a day.
It's okay to give up once.
In the future, we will have more opportunities
You can slowly get along with this little sister, slowly cultivate, slowly look after her and help her grow up.
This is the space for love.
You left that space for a needy life.
Instead of using your own freedom to force her to do something that is heartless, you cut off her heartless space with a knife.
She won't come again.
You don't even have the chance to cultivate.
Now, let's move on to the 15th chapter.
Baoluo Baohua is more straightforward.
In the first paragraph, he said, if you cause the earth to be ugly, you are not following the path of loving people.
This is what this example just said, right?
Please pay attention.
Baoluo, there is no point in this sentence.
What is it?
Baoluo does not say, as long as your earth or your sister does not like your choice, and does not like what you do, you are guilty.
This is not what Bao Luo means.
Bao Luo means that if a brother or a sister is really hurt because of what you have done, it is hurtful and difficult to guard your own will, it is hurtful and you feel depressed.
As for your freedom, it is pushed into the corner of your soul and your thoughts.
Then you are not following the standard of love.
Here is a very important introduction.
Dear sisters and sisters.
One is, I don't like what you are doing.
The other is, I am suffering from the harm of the forest because of what you are doing.
These two are different.
The former is not the meaning of the treasure.
The latter is the meaning of the treasure.
Why is the former not the meaning of the treasure?
Think about it.
The relationship between the person and the person is very easy to cause you to dislike another person because of various reasons.
For example, his way of thinking, his own way of thinking and his own way of thinking, not everyone will like it, right?
If Baolo means that you only do one thing, let that person not like it, you will make him fall down.
Then we are really a step-by-step.
This education and life cannot be done normally, because no matter what you do, there will always be people who don't like it, right?
So this is not what Baolo means.
Each of the students must understand each other.
As for your personal background, your cultural background, your personality differences, or even because you're not familiar with each other, or you're unfamiliar with each other, there's a possibility that you don't understand each other, you're unhappy, or you don't like each other.
If someone doesn't like what you're doing, you'll be punished.
Oh, that's bad.
Then this lesson becomes
The people of this poor group are holding their noses away.
They have become the standard of this church.
The freedom of Christ has disappeared.
This is wrong.
This is not what Paul said.
So he didn't teach us to control each other's thoughts, but to call on us to drink each other's souls.
When Paul said it was ugly, he said it was a deeper meaning.
The second one,
There is a possibility that this person will start to suspect that if I don't do this, if I don't follow your way, do you think I'm not good at it?
Thirdly, it may be that he was scared that he would retreat and not go forward.
It is said in the Bible that if I follow Jesus Christ, it means that I have to do what everyone wants me to do in this educational environment.
I'm not coming.
He will retreat.
In these situations,
your behavior is not only called the right to act on your own.
You are deeply affected by the creation of a brother or sister in-law.
You even pushed her to despair and commit crimes.
So, Bolo gave a very heavy sentence here, saying, you are not following the path of love.
Finally, to the 15th episode of the next half.
Bolo seems to want us to stop every one of us first.
Listen carefully to what he said in the last part of the 15th chapter.
He said, 基督已經替他死,你不可因你的食物教他敗壞。 保羅把十字架引入到這個對話當中。 好照我們不再用我們的自由來看待我們的弟兄。 你多麼地軟弱,你跟我對自由的理解不一樣, 而是要用基督的保學來看。 你覺得麻煩的那一位弟兄?
你觉得太过小心谨慎的那位姊妹 你觉得鼠林生命迟迟不能够成长老是脱后腿的那一位肢体 你一定要明白基督为他他他死了基督为他死了 他们不是你路上的阻碍
They are the souls of the master and the master, using the price to redeem the soul.
So, in fact, Baoluo is reflecting on us.
If the god's son gave up his life for you, the one in front of you, or his sister, how could you be able to hold on to your freedom, but not hold on to the life that the master gave up for him?
So, ladies and gentlemen, from the 13th to the 15th, the content of the three sentences is very clear.
He is not saying to the brothers and sisters who are strong, please throw away your freedom.
You don't have freedom.
No, the freedom in the capital must exist.
He is not saying to the brothers and sisters who are weak.
You are weak, so let us all use your standards to make standards.
You can control everyone.
No.
Both sides have to grow.
We have to become strong, strong, united, and love.
This is what Paul means.
He is talking about love must be in front of freedom and how to control your freedom.
So all of us have to ask questions whether we can do it or not.
But if I do one thing, I can do it myself, will it affect a person's life?
This is the question we have to ask.
Dear viewers, when we face
We must understand that it is very easy to do what you think is right.
But we are talking about education.
Once you enter a public space, that is, the so-called group, you think it is not so important to be right, but it is important to have love.
Am I right?
The principle of love can satisfy the needs of the whole public space.
Jesus Christ wants to create you and me in this place.
It's not that we are debatable in the debate, or that there is justice in it, but that we have to put in a lot of effort.
I have a reason.
I clearly have a deeper understanding of the freedom in the Bible.
You only have the idea that there is no wrong.
But this is not a debate.
You win this debate, there is no meaning.
Instead, you teach us how to protect one's life.
Use love.
the space for survival and growth, the space for respecting a person's conscience and freedom, that is respecting the relationship between the capital and this person.
I believe that in today's American situation, you will feel more clearly its power.
In today's American cultural situation, we naturally emphasize freedom.
This nation, this nation, this culture loves freedom too much.
It's too much freedom, but it's not right to force it.
The freedom of the United States has been created into a personal expression.
It has to be seen by people.
In addition to the great effect of social media, and the two-level拉扯 of today's values, the people who live in the US reality,
It's easier to rush to the other side to fight.
It's easy to be offended.
It's easy to think of other people's movements.
It's easy to say that you are my enemy, not my friend.
Our faith is becoming more and more westernized.
Emotions are getting higher and higher.
For the public life, for the differences between each other,
It is very easy to be exposed to all kinds of social issues, full of anger or anxiety.
Under today's American culture, in this atmosphere, the 13-15 of today's three words, 14 words, are in our hearts.
They are very powerful.
They have the power to penetrate through life.
They are not saying that there is no freedom on the map.
They are not saying that I can use my freedom to suppress others.
I believe you all still remember COVID-19 in this country.
Wearing a mask, we're not, has been debated so aggressively.
Do you remember that?
戴口罩不戴口罩.
每个人都是讲的, 不戴口罩是我的自由, 戴口罩是我的权利.
He didn't stop fighting.
He didn't stop fighting, right?
I still remember a pet shop.
One person entered the shop and he didn't wear a mask.
A shopkeeper said, sorry for wearing a mask.
The other person said, I'm not wearing it.
This is my freedom.
Then the shopkeeper said, I won't take you with me.
This is also my freedom.
Everyone is talking about freedom.
The result is not happy, but quarreling.
You see, this is the reality of American culture.
When we only emphasize freedom and don't talk about love, this freedom has no rules.
It is a very empty, very empty, and it will lead to conflicts and violence.
That's all.
Put it on you and me, dear sisters and sisters.
If you are in your daily life today, in your daily life, it is more clear and clear about the concept, the understanding of the above, and the confidence of the above.
In these problems, in other words, your conscience is more self-sacrificing.
The number of promises you receive is less, the freedom in the capital is more.
Your running is more natural, more relaxed, so please understand that I'm not telling you that you don't have freedom today, but I'm telling you that you have to learn to enjoy your freedom in a quiet way.
Our culture is highly appreciated by the American culture.
It seems that you have to let people see how I can use my freedom, but what do you think?
Love doesn't need to be proven.
Love is not to prove oneself.
Love will not turn freedom into a kind of exhibition.
Love is constantly thinking for another person.
It's not about you.
It's about others.
Love will ask you one thing.
If I do this in front of the audience, is it that I have forced a person's conscience?
Do I have a sense of the need for that person?
This is the premise of your freedom of action.
And this kind of pressure is not only happening in education.
It can happen anywhere.
When you eat, when you go to other people's classes, when you have a meeting in the church, when you have a conversation with local residents, how you arrange your activities, how you celebrate your birthday, how you celebrate your wedding, how you joke with others, or even how you are very humorous to assume, oh, everybody's okay.
You are an assumption itself, you have to be examined.
In different situations of conscience, in real life, when we meet people with different colors,
Each individual is the reality of our lives.
We must understand how to use love to save lives.
We must use the principles of love, not the principles of freedom, to assess how to use it.
Use your freedom to what extent?
Not to live in the eyes of others' fear, but to avoid doing things that don't suit you.
Sometimes, the freedom of Jesus Christ
It's that kind of quiet resolution.
It's the freedom to give up.
Let me ask you.
Is the New Year's resolution the most freedom?
Is it the freedom to give up for us?
Is it the freedom to be held on the cross?
It is.
It's the freedom to let go of hope.
This is the real freedom.
It's gentle, quiet, and has a resolution.
It brings warmth.
This is the freedom we believe in.
Similarly, on the other side,
If you belong to a relatively soft planet, that is to say, on some matters, your conscience will often not be safe.
You will be limited by the limits of your inner body and mind.
Please pay attention to the three words in today's sutra.
Be sure not to laugh at you, not to criticize you, not to define your sins, and not to look at you.
Of course, don't tell you that your standard is to become the standard of others, the standard of education.
So, be sure to tell you that you need to learn to grow.
Today, it's very easy for us to come up with an idea.
I'm not feeling well, so you all have to come and help me.
I'm a confident warrior, so you all have to follow my way.
If you're this type of sister, I'm sure you won't be able to give this kind of cake to anyone.
You can use your standard to be someone else's standard to tie up the whole church.
For these kind of people, you can do an internal test.
What kind of test?
In your opinion, I really can't do this in front of you.
That's enough.
If you want to add one more sentence, don't do this.
you can't get it right.
Do you understand?
Because your standard can't be everyone's standard.
So, back to the previous news, what should we do?
This is not a clear and clear, but what can be done and what can't be done is to let each other go to a kind and cool space.
This is the solution.
For these kinds of brothers and sisters, Bolo wants to encourage you.
You are not weak, but you need to be humble,
This kind of seniority is called the guarantee of harmony.
In other words, the strongest one is slower, the weaker one is faster.
Everyone is moving in the direction of the bamboo.
Like a diagonal triangle, right?
The bamboo leaves are all here.
You are here, the strongest one, the weaker one is here.
It's not the other party who is arguing, it's the bamboo that is arguing.
Are the two of you getting closer and closer?
It's that simple.
To all of our students, our culture training us,
use a full language system to speak.
So when we are easy to speak, it's more cold, it's more clear, it's less emotional, it's less warm.
We are easy to speak like lawyers.
Who said that?
Where?
Let me see the rules, right?
We often talk like this.
But the warranty encourages us to turn to love.
Will our choice increase the uneasiness of a person's soul?
Will it make a person more calm in the forest?
Is it to put one person into the pressure of a forest?
Is it to help one person slowly grow up and let go of the space for him to grow up?
Or to give him a tight squeeze to make him unable to grow up in the future?
This is what we really need to think about.
At present, in our two-level serious American life, this means that we have to turn the division into a deep ashes.
Don't go to war.
This team on the left, that team on the right, you have to stand on the right side, please stand on the right side of the map, okay?
Stand on the map of Jesus Christ.
We only follow Jesus Christ.
This way, the church will become a sacred place.
The church will not put the enemy of the world into it.
It will not bring the way of the world into it.
Because the members of the church are not the right-wing, not the devil.
Zhao Hui's original name is the capital capital of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the motherland of the mother
a sensitive heart.
When you enter a place, a place with a specific location, you first have to realize that the people sitting in front of you, the light of each person's life, are different.
You should be very cautious.
If you want to ask me, what I'm doing is, will it cause other people's problems?
Will it make other people's conscience feel better?
A sensitive feeling is not what you need.
This is the first thing.
The second thing is, you really have to teach it, not force it.
If you think that a person's conscience
One person is not clear enough, not sure enough, not to pull hard and drag him to do it, but to wait for him to accompany him.
Because if you pull him and do it with you, it doesn't help him at all.
He will feel stronger and it will reflect on the effect.
The correct way is to use God's words to teach him, to give him that space, to let the Holy Spirit slowly to drive him to lead him.
This way, he will naturally reach a degree when he does one more thing.
That's the value.
Third, say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It does not always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It doesn't always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It doesn't always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It doesn't always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It doesn't always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Say sorry doesn't mean you did something wrong.
It doesn't always mean that.
Don't go against the truth.
Don't go
freedom will not become the tool of commercial people, and change will not become the power of control.
Dear viewers, I have finished talking about all the contents.
13-15 If today's words are used on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you, on you,
and ask God to help you to change.
Which situation do you belong to?
How should you do it?
Don't put all the weight on your shoulders.
Don't put the whole church on your shoulders.
Don't live in the so-called fear.
Be afraid.
Be careful.
If you do something wrong, others will see you.
Lord, let me teach you a lesson.
No matter what the light is, love is important.
Love is the only important thing.
Slow down.
Take a look at the chicken breast in front of you.
Please remember that it is used to protect you from snow in the capital.
When you choose to be stubborn, not persistent, when you protect your sensitive conscience, not stubbornness, you have not lost your freedom, you have practiced and realized the love in the capital.
Good news is that you don't have to rely on yourself to do all this.
The Holy Spirit will definitely help you.
So, everyone, please, in the last sentence, please, in the place where you were not sensitive to others, pray for God to help you change.
Also, please, in the last sentence, if you have been hurt because of something like this, pray for God to heal you, so that you can recover today, so that our church can become a church of glory.
Let's pray.
We are not perfect.
We always make mistakes.
But the main course of study is perfect.
What the main course of study describes is the nature of humanity.
We must look at it together.
Tian Fu, we wish all the brothers and sisters, from today on, all of us will learn the way to reflect.
We wish all the brothers and sisters, in this way, can have the opportunity to go to the capital and get closer to each other.
Tian Fu, we wish that we, in the face of the new generation of the city, will have the courage
You follow our today's view to heal us, to hypnotize us, to create us.
We thank your grace for creating your own body of education and capitalization.